kitabo/ensi/_build/html/_sources/index.md, before:

# Quirky
 
             1. Not Seen
                        \
         2. Hoped For -> 4. Elders Faith -> 5. Categorical -> 6. Diagnostic
                        / 
                        3. Word of God
 



- Voir ([faith](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2011&version=KJV)): exploits confusion arising out of mistaken `identities`
   - A new truth ... a truth if we all had, but [...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9v6VJLZ8_I)
   - Faith in what is not seen, but what is hoped for, and what is charity
- Savoir (hope): hail, caesar!! is the source of this juice
- Pouvoir (love): `identities` are agents (twins), places (talahasi), times (future)
   - Greatest of the secular trinity, which Ethan Coen finds most joy in treating as Sfumato, with mistaken identities 

> *E pluribus unum*. Out of many, one. This is upside down from the sonic perspective, where "Out of one (root tonal frequency), many (overtones of the harmonic series)


# `WebApp Data`

- Simulated: order (parameters) from chaos (random variation)
- Real: can a perfect simulation be distinguished?
- Missing: hypothesis (principle investigator), access (clinical notes), usage (format for patient-caregiver)
- Imputation: we are doing it anyway, so this lays iterative roadmaps to better inferences
- Names: whole Donny misunderstanding Lenin for John Lennon part is just pure genius. I am the walrus hahahahah


           1. Chaos
                   \
      2. Frenzy -> 4. Uncommunicable -> 5. Algorithm -> 6. Binary
                   / 
                   3. Energy


<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; height: auto;">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lWz8NGIisMo?start=1" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;"></iframe>
</div>



#### Table of Contents

```{tableofcontents}
```

Commit message:

tidied up notes to fit neuronetwork architecture

kitabo/ensi/_build/html/_sources/index.md, after:

# Quirky

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; height: auto;">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/N9v6VJLZ8_I?start=1" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;"></iframe>
</div>

 
             1. Not Seen
                        \
         2. Hoped For -> 4. Elders Faith -> 5. Destiny's Child -> 6. Noah's Ark
                        / 
                        3. Word of God
 

> *E pluribus unum*. Out of many, one. This is upside down from the sonic perspective, where "Out of one (root tonal frequency), many (overtones of the harmonic series)


## `WebApp Data`

### Dionysus 1, 2, 3
- `Voir`: Faith in what is **not seen**, but what is hoped for, i.e. God's charity
- `Savoir`: Ethan, like the author of a Midsummer Nights Dream, exploits the frenzy & sfumato arising out of mistaken or ambiguous `identities`
- `Pouvoir`: God so loved himself that he created the world and placed man in it, that man's foremost duty would be to love God

### Sing O Muse 4
- `Communication`: These are the Judeo-Christian teachings from the last 3000 years, and they say the very opposite of the Greco-Roman teachings from same period

### Apollo 5, 6
- `Identity`: And thus you have the pagans and heathens, *joir de vivre*, diva & opera vs. hebrews and christians, asceticism, cantor & oratorio 
- `Achievements`: Which of these two has spawned a greater following over the last three millenia? It's a tie: one dominates the arts, the other ethics


           1. Chaos
                   \
      2. Frenzy -> 4. Uncommunicable -> 5. Algorithm -> 6. Binary
                   / 
                   3. Energy


<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; height: auto;">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lWz8NGIisMo?start=1" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;"></iframe>
</div>



#### Table of Contents

```{tableofcontents}
```
